Full job description
Sound Credit Union is currently seeking a SR Programmer Analyst to join our team! If you have a strong background in programing (Symitar PowerOn experience is a bonus!) then this position at Sound might be the ideal opportunity for you. We offer a welcoming environment with opportunities for professional growth, a passion for community involvement and great benefits to support employee wellbeing.

Your Compensation:

Our pay ranges are built to allow for candidates with various levels of skill and experience to be considered and provide room for growth over time. The target salary range for this position is $99,200 - $124,000 depending on previous experience and education. The full salary range is $99,200 - $148,800.





Why Work with Us:
We stand by our purpose to support our members, employees, and communities through all waves of life. We pride ourselves on fostering a workplace that celebrates diversity and inclusivity, ensuring that every voice is heard and valued. Learn more about our company culture on our career's page!

Your Benefits:

100% employer paid premiums for medical, dental, vision, and disability for yourself and more than 70% for dependent’s premiums.
401k match dollar for dollar up to 4% – plus an additional discretionary profit share.
Four weeks Paid Time Off (PTO) accrued annually, with increases over tenure.
Up to 40 hours of employer paid Work/Life Balance time, awarded annually.
10 employer paid Federal Holidays every year.
Up to a 15% annual bonus when the Credit Union meets its goals, paid each November.
Up to $50/month gym/lifestyle reimbursement.
Up to $5,000/year Tuition Assistance Program.
Incentives for multilingual speakers.
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) and Virtual Behavioral & Mental Health Services.
Free and/or discounted banking services and loans.
Employee Charitable Matching Program.
Free ORCA pass.
What You’ll Do:

Responsibilities:

PowerOn programming with in Symitar including standard batch programming options, forms, and parameter settings.
Lead maintenance and development of the core functionality through core system integrations, batch and on demand spec files, automation programming, reports, and file maintenance routines.
Requirements:

3+ years demonstrated experience in programming required.
Symitar PowerOn programming or experience with relational databases preferred.
Experience with IBM AIX/Unix/Linux-style and Windows systems preferred.
Experience with HTML, CSS, and common languages like JavaScript, PowerShell, Python and PHP preferred.
Experience developing software requirement specifications, managing projects in an Agile/scrum framework, and developing application software preferred.
High School Diploma or GED equivalent required. Information Technology Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent combination of education and experience.
In addition:

Must be bondable.
Employer sponsorship to secure or maintain employment authorization is not available.
Our Hours:

A hybrid schedule Monday - Friday: 8:00AM - 5:00PM. On call availability required as business needs dictate.This position works 40+ hours per week as business needs dictate.In your role you will have the ability to combine in-person and remote work. This role can be based out of our Tacoma or Lynnwood corporate offices.

About Sound Credit Union…

Sound Credit Union was founded in 1940 and is one of Washington State’s largest credit unions. We have 26 full-service branches located throughout the Puget Sound region. We live by our Guiding Principles of Make a Connection, Be a Champion, and Doing the Right Thing for our members, employees, and community. Visit our website at: https://www.soundcu.com/careers/ to apply.

The Future is in Our Hands…
Sound Credit Union is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer that values and celebrates the unique perspectives and experiences each person brings to our team. We welcome talent from all walks of life and actively foster an inclusive workplace where every team member can thrive and belong.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, veteran status, disability, age or any other protected status. We believe our differences make us stronger and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills.